# Security README

This README describes the different files in this folder.

## setup_security.sh

Use OpenSSL to generate keys and identity certificates, as well as signing of XML permissions & governance files.

## ca

Certificate Authority files. The .cnf file will be used to create the CA private key and CA identity certificate.

## identities

Identities for all system participants that are generated by OpenSSL in the `setup_security.sh` script.

## xml

XML governance file for the domain and permissions documents for each participant. The signed versions of these will be in `xml/signed`.

## Good practices for DDS Security

1. One governance document per system.  
2. One permissions document and identity certificate per application.  
3. Permissions document specifies exactly which topics can be published / subscribe to, and the default rule is to DENY. This ensures the strictest possible permissions for your system.

## Considerations for this demo

The security artifacts in this demo show how applications can be easily modified to integrate features from RTI Connext Security Extensions. This is not comprehensive cybersecurity advice for a production system.

Here are some considerations to keep in mind:

1. For the purposes of this simple demo, we are using just one self-signed CA as the root-of-trust. You can specify different CAs for identities vs permissions and governance XML files.
2. In a deployed system, you wil need to manage the lifecycle of these certificates using a PKI or other security tools, not just self-signed certificates.
3. You should also implement safeguards for certificate revocation based on your threat model, and implement other cybersecurity best practices like security information and event management (SIEM).

See the RTI Security Plugins User's Manual for more detail on [Design Considerations](https://community.rti.com/static/documentation/connext-dds/7.3.0/doc/manuals/connext_dds_secure/users_manual/p3_advanced/design_considerations.html) and [Best Practices](https://community.rti.com/static/documentation/connext-dds/7.3.0/doc/manuals/connext_dds_secure/users_manual/p3_advanced/best_practices.html).
